add JSONTransformer (#35)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools: README.md

{'$and': [{'_mp_bandgap': {'$gt': 5.0}}, {'_cod_molecular_weight': {'$lt': 350.0}}]}
```

> There is also a basic JSON transformer (`optimade.filtertransformers.json.JSONTransformer`) you can use as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a [basic JSON transformer](optimade/filtertransformers/json.py) (`optimade.filtertransformers.json.JSONTransformer`) you can use as a simple example for developing your own transformer.
You can also use the JSON output it produces as easy-to-parse input for a "transformer" in your programming language of choice.
```
